Update hubspot.md (#1573)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/customer/hubspot.md

##### From MQL to SQL - Qualifying questions

1. What is your business, and where does Node-RED fit in?

> 1. What are you building with FlowFuse, and how is it helping your business?

Author: ```suggestion
1. What are you building with Node-RED, and how is it helping your business?
1. What challenges can FlowFuse elevate you from?
```

##### From MQL to SQL - Qualifying questions

> 1. What is your business, and where does FlowFuse fit in?

Author: ```suggestion
1. What is your business, and where does Node-RED fit in?
```
